## 2016-08-17 hackseq Meeting

### Items to discuss
notes from last meeting's agenda have been archived here: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/meeting_notes/2016-07-20.md

1. Team leader applications 
  - Update on possible GA4GH collaboration (Galen)
  - GA4GH projects (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XILIX6azs1vTRhPtZJLm_JQ2RLeBis0ITAE_wIDcRvc/edit#) and logistics 
  - GA4GH funding application (1/2 page hackathon details / structure / audience)
  - We will advertise for them, as well as pass them applicants through our website

2. Participant applications
  - Contacting applicants update (Santina)
  - Late application update (Santina)
  - Assigning participants to teams and notifying them update (Shaun & Britt)
    - Shaun is still working on this
    - We hope to notify participants & team leaders of whose on whose teams next week
  - Visas
    - We need to give a letter of invitation for Visa letter
    - Use SCWIST as organization
    - Bruno to draft the letter
    - Need to create teams on Github (TT to do)
    - Scan spreadsheet to look for questions and answer them - Amy

3. Volunteers/Mentors
  - Update on advertising for volunteers
  - Volunteer/Mentor form update (https://docs.google.com/forms/d/13eTIH2JWnY3NUC8fpHQT4RedsAaUPx5O2pinGm-gnr0/viewform?edit_requested=true) (e.g. Photography/Video)
      - two separate forms (one for mentors and one for volunteers)
      - advertising can commence after we add forms to website
  - How many volunteers will we include - we may need to consider including these number in our budget for food etc

4. Travel Awards
  - Update on finalizing, awarding and administering awards
  - Discuss awardees who also received ASHG meeting funding
      - we will not give $$ to those who also have funding from ASHG (Galen to email)

5. Hackseq Agenda/Itinerary
  - Tiffany created skeleton outline taken from NCBI hackathon, exists here:               https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/Daily_Schedule_Hackathon_Generic.md
      - Bruno & Tiff to work on
      - Deadline Aug 24th
  - Talk schedule

6. Logistics
    - WiFi/Power
      - UBC Wifi network versus ethernet 
      - Reach out to previous hackathons held at UBC LSI and see what they used (e.g. http://www.ggjvancouver.com/) - Bruno to do
      - Need to source power adaptors or are there enough plugs in the atrium already?
      - Software Carpentry makes host institution provide plugs - TT
      - Tiff & Amy to count plugs
  - Website
      - Update on website changes  (Artem and Santina) 
      - add transit info to participant
      - #hackseq16
  - Social event
      - Liquor license update
      - Budget update
      - AWS sponsorship and organization (Adriana sent an email to Angel and Patrick on Aug 4th but they haven't replied...)
      - Tiff to get some quotes for social (roughly 100 people)
  - Food Sponsors
      - Discuss turning down Chipotle as a food sponsor (see https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/20).
      - Brainstorm events that would have had food sponsors.
      - Soylent as a potential sponsor
      - Save-On
      - Choices
      - ???
  - Funding
      - Any additional items that we should include in the budget (e.g. gifts for team leaders, mentors, volunteers)
      - ask any companies that decline to sponsor for SWAG
      - ask UBC bookstore for swag
      - everybody will be "forced" to contact a couple companies - see the spreadsheet linked to in this issue: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/20
  - Gmail 
      - Need someone to monitor the account and respond to emails for the first 2.5 weeks of September (Bruno: 26 August -11 September)
      - Bruno to cover the email during this time period (Aug 26 - Sept 11)
  - Some sort of chat/code sharing thingy has to be set-up
either Slack or Etherpad
  - Stickers!!! Ask companies for them, and lets make our own (Artem to design and price out)
  - Licencing... needs to be required
  - Project checklist - Bruno to build

7. AWS cloud credits 
  - Update on grant results (Shaun) 
  - May need extra AWS credits for GA4GH group
  - S3 availability to store datasets ahead of time?

8. Possibility of publishing the project reports to the F1000Research Hackathon channel (see https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/27)
  - make a paragraph for this a required task for each team
  - Galen had a great idea - 10 simple rules for running a genomics hackathon paper that we write together as a team (ask AJHG as they are affiliated with the ASHG)

9. Next meeting
  - determine date for next Google Hangout meeting and next in person meeting
  - Tiff to send out Doodle poll for finding a time to meet mid-September
