# 2016-09-21 hackseq meeting notes

5:30 PM PST at the Genome Sciences Centre (570 W 7th Ave, 1st floor board room). 

## Items discussed:

1. Team leader applications 
  - Update on possible GA4GH collaboration (Galen)
  - Advertising- we will do via:  
    - twitter, 
    - our email list, 
    - CS students, 
    - VanBUG
    - Close applications on Oct 7th (so we have time to finalize numbers for food, etc)
    - We will tell interested participants to email and contact GA4GH team leaders
    
2. Participant applications
  - done!
  
3. Volunteers/Mentors
  - Update on advertising for volunteers
    - drop mentor form
    - Email Software Carpentry list, R Study Group, SciProg and UBC MDS students to specfically ask for technical help on 1st morning
    - 11 responses for volunteers + 3 mentors
    - Santina will invite volunteers to Github, open an issue and figure out what they know
    - Santina to invite volunteers to Slack
    
4. Travel Awards - did not discuss

5. Hackseq Agenda/Itinerary
  - Tiffany simplified preliminary outline: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016/blob/master/hackseq_2016_tentative_schedule.md
  - Talk schedule drafted by Santina: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/34
  
6. Logistics
  - Organizing committee schedule: Who is going to there and when? shifts? 
    - Let's open an issue to make this schedule - Adriana or Tiff to do
    - We will need name tags (artem to make stickers with logos) - Artem to do
  - WiFi/Power
    - Updates from Tiff, Amy, Bruno & Adriana
    - Decided to ask participants to bring an ethernet cable & power bars (at least ask the team leaders, at a minimum)
  - Website
    - Update on website changes  (Artem and Santina) 
  - Security
    - Need to coordinate with campus security (security.operations@ubc.ca or 604-822-2222) 
    - LSI is booked for Saturday and Sunday from 8am to 6pm and for Monday from 8am to 8pm
  - Social event & liquor license
    - Saturday: Mahoney's? 
    - Monday: LSI?, AWS willing to contribute $800-$1000  
  - Food 
    - Sponsors
      - Make a poster with all sponsors
    - Plan B: Catering and buying food (Costco?, how much?)
    - only get lunch catered
    - make our own coffee & kettles
    - buy breakfast stuff and snacks from Costco
    - Bruno & Adriana to come up with a list of food items & costs
  - Funding
    - update on contacting companies: https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/20
    - How are we ackowledging sponsors e.g. banners etc 
        - get a poster printed with out logo and all sponsors to hang on wall
        - should be included in budget
  - Gmail 
    - Any important updates?
  - Slack
    - already Set-up
  - Stickers
    - Artem got some some, they look great
    - We might print some more for the event
  - Licencing?
  - Project checklist
     -Update from Bruno 
  - Room booking
    - Official Room bookings (aside from the East Atrium):
       - SAT OCT 15, 2016, Room 1416 8am-6pm 
       - SUN OCT 16, 2016, Room 1410 and Room 1330 (Auditorium) 8am - 6pm 
       -  MON OCT 17, 2016 ,Room 1416 11am-6pm and Room 1330 (Auditorium) 2pm-8pm 
    - Mothers' room still required? Probably not.
  - Waiver? Release form? 
    - Amy to make form, and we will print it out.

7. AWS cloud credits 
  - Update on grant results (Shaun) 
  - May need extra AWS credits for GA4GH group (decided probably not)
  - S3 availability to store datasets ahead of time? (did not have time to discuss)

8. Possibility of publishing the project reports to the F1000Research Hackathon channel (see https://github.com/hackseq/October_2016_private/issues/27) (did not get to discuss)
   - make a paragraph for this a required task for each team (who is doing this?, is it on the checklist?)
   - Galen had a great idea - 10 simple rules for running a genomics hackathon paper that we write together as a team (ask AJHG as they are affiliated with the ASHG)

9. Next meeting
  - Tiff to send out whenisgood survey (aim to meet 2 weeks out from event)

Tiff to do:
    - share install instructions from MDS (and Titus' tutorials on using AWS)
    - make form for voting for presentations
